So let's talk quickly about this
email course, because I've just
suddenly dropped this on you [LAUGH]
as another thing you've got to do.
So, there are reasons for
doing this, right?
One is that it leads nicely, because there
are some people you have promised to
give the report to for free, whether they
had sign up for the email or not, right?
So anybody who's completed the survey,
you've basically turned around to them and
said, if you've completed the survey,
I'm gonna give you the report, right?
Everybody else, they will only get the
report if they sign up for your emails.
But that group that completed the survey,
we also want to add,
we want to encourage them to sign up.
So, we want to give them a course that
packs a little bit more of the report,
and that encourages them to sign up.
Also, the course is a nice
little kind of introduction,
if you like, to the report,
builds on the report and adds to it.
And then the way that the course will
work is it's basically what's called
a trigger-based campaign.
So if somebody signs up today,
they will get lesson one tomorrow,
lesson two the day after,
lesson three the day after.
And if someone doesn't sign up for four
days, they'll still get one, two, three,
four, and those kinds of order.
Does that make sense?
So, that means that everyone is
going through the same initial
introduction, okay,
no matter when they join.
So they're not just being dumped into
your mailing list at some random thing,
where maybe you're ranting about
something that's very time sensitive and
not appropriate.
Everybody gets that nice
structured introduction.
So that's why the course is worth doing.
In terms of how you create your course,
very simple,
one email for
each of the topics in your report, right?
So we went six to eight topics, didn't we?
And then you schedule those
to go out once a week.
So once somebody is subscribed,
they get one a week.
Now, I know that normally you might not
be emailing them more than once a month.
But it means to begin with,
you're really building that
relationship in those early days.
So once a week,
they get an email from their course.
They only need to be about 500 words each.
Don't need to be very long.
They only need basic formatting
to aid a bit scannability.
And that's it, that's all there is
to the structure of the course.
When they finish the course,
then they just get your monthly email or
your biweekly email.
Writing each email, right?
Basically, it's really easy.
You create a recap of what was
said in the report, right?
Recap briefly the challenge or
piece of advice from the report that
you're gonna focus on in that email.
You're gonna give a little bit of advice,
provide a few practical tips about
how to address that challenge, or
take them closer to that best practice.
And then you're gonna encourage them
to contact you if they're struggling or
if they've got any questions, so
we're beginning to encourage that contact.
That's it, right?
Really nice and simple.
A side I wanna say at this
point is with any of this,
with the report, with the emails,
the whole thing, don't ever hold back.
Share all the advice that you have freely.
Don't worry about people doing it for
themselves and not hiring you.
People are still gonna reach out to you
because they don't have the time or
they feel too intimidated by
the topic to try it themselves.
Don't worry about your competition
reading it and copying you, right?
You're always gonna be a step ahead.
People are gonna hire you
because they know and like you,
not because somebody copied what you did,
right?
And the other thing is still do not sell.
You don't need to sell in those emails,
right?
There's no need to promote
your services actively.
Be open about what you do, that's fine.
You might wanna recommend to
the reader that they might hire
somebody to help them with this, but
it doesn't have to be you, right?
Don't push yourself at all,
there's absolutely no need.
And so that email series, those first six
to eight emails that go out as part of
this email course could be
utterly automated, all right?
People will enroll at different times, but
they'll all pass through the same course.
And again, I use ConvertKit to do this,
which will handle all of that,
including, to be honest,
building the landing page as well.
Right, so that's what you're
gonna do from the landing page.
People can sign up,
they can get the report.
And when they get the report,
they get instantly.
Then over the next few weeks,
they get those emails, and
then they go onto the normal mailing list.
What about those people that
took part in the survey or
didn't take part in the survey,
that cold list that we're contacting,
what are we gonna do about them?
Well, those people that
participated in the survey,
we're gonna drop them one last email.
And it's gonna make it clear that
the email is about the report and
showing our appreciation.
So our title is gonna be, Your
promised report, with a big thank you.
And then it's gonna say how much you
appreciated them being involved in it and
how they'd managed to help
turn it into something bigger.
You're then gonna tell them what
the report ended up covering,
thanks to their feedback and involvement.
You're then gonna actually
attach the report to the email,
right, as a PDF file, so
people can help themselves.
Also, if you did do the review,
the audit of their site,
attach their scores to it as well so
they can see their individual scores.
And then you wanna just introduce
this idea of the email series,
what the email series is gonna cover.
Finally, you say, if that email course
sounds good, you can subscribe for
free here.
So you're not requiring that group
to subscribe to get the report,
because that group contributed
to the survey, right?
So you promised you'd give it to them,
you're giving it to them, right?
You're hoping they will also sign
up to the email course as well, but
there's no guarantee.
For everybody else, if they want
the report, they have to sign up for
the email course, right?
So they just get a variation,
which is very similar.
It just says, if you wanna download
the report, get the email course,
click here, okay?
Right, so we got a landing page.
We told a load of people about it.
Hopefully, you've now got some sign ups,
people who've gone in to get the report,
or to get the email course,
or to get both.
So they're in there.
There are now on our list.
They're beginning to move through
that email course very slowly.
In the meantime, what are you gonna do?
Now, you've got to start promoting
that report, any opportunity you get.